uh you know Johnny our medical trainer
Brian Morrison great guy takes care of
all of us you know and the word to great
fun is that he's getting married this
summer coming up and unfortunately I
thought I was great friends with him and
I haven't seen an invite to this wedding
yet so really hoping that I've been a
good guide us this year gone past and
that may be the big guy Saint Nick can
deliver me invite maybe my stocking or
something as far as this is giving who
in this organization would you like to
give something well maybe I like to be a
part of this organization and maybe take
a gay page Ardennes role and help giving
to the Salvation Army because it doesn't
really seen it at Gabe des jardins doing
a great job so hopefully I can help out
a bit I would like to find my wallet
because I lost it today and it's very
boring boring this Christmas give
something this organization yeah to gave
them our day because he always bring
food in my car and I would like to buy
it bye to him a new lunchbox for
Christmas just spend some time on my
family maybe I want to come back after
that maybe get shut out first shutout of
the in my in my career that would be fun
okay it is the giving season as you know
what do you want to give someone is
Halifax's something I'd give probably to
Jeff Sykes he's uh he's a helper with
with the trainers and just made me give
him a happy pill because he doesn't look
very happy when he's around here so I
just doing something to make him feel a
bit lighter not much really I just want
to have a good time with my friends
family and my girlfriend and this is
someone in this organization is hella
factions organizations that you liked it
view something to ah definitely Jordan
Costello he's been wearing dress shoes
with this track pants for the past month
so I'd buy him a pair of sneakers
who are you doing Bernie what are you
doing shine in his track pants